[Button] - Add "start" and "end" options for textAlign prop (#6121)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/sweet-jars-matter.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Added the ability to use "start" or "end" in the Button's textAlign property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for setting `start` and `end` on the `Button` `textAlign` prop
```
